feat(markdown-magic): Add scope notice template for `@fluid-tools` packages (#21994)
microsoft/FluidFramework: tools/markdown-magic/src/templates/Tools-Package-Notice-Template.md

> **NOTE: This package is a library intended for use within the [microsoft/FluidFramework](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework) repository. It is not intended for public use.**

Author: ```suggestion
**NOTE: This package is a library intended for use within the [microsoft/FluidFramework](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework) repository.**
**It is not intended for public use.**
```

> **NOTE: This package is a tools library intended for use within the `@microsoft/fluid-framework` repository and is not intended for public consumption.**
> **We make no stability guarantees regarding its APIs.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: This package is a library intended for use within the [microsoft/FluidFramework](https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework) repository. It is not intended for public use.**
**We make no stability guarantees regarding this library and its APIs.**
```
